README.md, before:

# Wiki Gen Lib
### Generate static wiki website from markdown files
### Based on Wiki.js (https://wiki.js.org/)
## Features
- Multi Language Support
- Multi Version Support (Auto out-of-date version warning)
- Nice Design (Made using Vuetify)
- Responsive (Mobile Friendly)
- Automatic syntax highlighting (Using highlight.js)
- Automatic code line count (Using highlightjs-line-numbers)
- JQuery Integrated
- Vue.js Integrated

## How to use
### 1 - Clone repository to a folder
### 2 - Open terminal
### 3 - Run 'node wikigen.js'
(The .html will be generated in folder 'output'. You can copy the folder content and move to anywhere. The file path format is 'lang/version/section/file.html')

## Customization
### 1 - To edit the html structure, edit 'internal/template.html' file
### 2 - To edit messages and content, edit 'content/language' files
### 3 - To add a language, edit 'languages.json'
### 4 - To add pages and tags, or change return path, edit 'structure.json'

## Screenshots
![Example](screenshots/first.png)
![Messages](screenshots/quotes.png)
![Highlight](screenshots/highlight.png)
![Emojis](screenshots/emojis.png)

Commit message:

Added Search Feature in README

README.md, after:

# Wiki Gen Lib
### Generate static wiki website from markdown files
### Based on Wiki.js (https://wiki.js.org/)
## Features
- Multi Language Support
- Multi Version Support (Auto out-of-date version warning)
- Nice Design (Made using Vuetify)
- Responsive (Mobile Friendly)
- Automatic syntax highlighting (Using highlight.js)
- Automatic code line count (Using highlightjs-line-numbers)
- JQuery Integrated
- Vue.js Integrated
- Search (Auto search in title,subtitle,sections (with auto-scroll),tags and most frequent words)

## How to use
### 1 - Clone repository to a folder
### 2 - Open terminal
### 3 - Run 'node wikigen.js'
(The .html will be generated in folder 'output'. You can copy the folder content and move to anywhere. The file path format is 'lang/version/section/file.html')

## Customization
### 1 - To edit the html structure, edit 'internal/template.html' file
### 2 - To edit messages and content, edit 'content/language' files
### 3 - To add a language, edit 'languages.json'
### 4 - To add pages and tags, or change return path, edit 'structure.json'

## Screenshots
![Example](screenshots/first.png)
![Messages](screenshots/quotes.png)
![Highlight](screenshots/highlight.png)
![Emojis](screenshots/emojis.png)
